## February 9, 2024
<br>
I put in my notice at my job on Wednesday. I’m try to build and sell things myself for a year, then if I fail I’ll never try again but I’m going to give myself a year and see how it goes. It’s really nervewracking quitting the job and not really having a concrete plan but I’m sure this is the right thing to do. Even though I’ve been through all the scenarios in my head and this really can’t end up poorly, it’s still a stressful and nervous time since this is a big change. But I’m also extremely excited.
<br><br>
I had been thinking about quitting the job for a while and I had gone through all of the potential disaster scenarios in my head and was confident it was the right decision. But I actually didn’t make the final decision to do it until the middle of the day on Wednesday when my manager asked me what was going on with a task at work that I was supposed to complete 2 weeks ago. I was supposed to present about it in 10 minutes and realized that I didn’t even care I was not going to have any progress to present. So that was the final thing where I said I just have to quit and take the leap and I told him right after that meeting.
<br><br>

----

<br>
In case you didn’t see I set up my [ticker screen landing page](https://thetickerscreen.com) and started sharing it out. The landing page still needs a lot of work, mostly more pictures. But check it out and please share it with anyone you think would be interested in it. I’ve been posting this some places online and even though I haven’t really posted it many places it seems to be getting a lot interest. No sales yet but I’m gonna give it some time since it’s a fairly high priced item. The most interesting thing that’s come from online feedback is two people on reddit reached out and said they have large social media accounts and they want to partner on advertising. So I’m gonna keep rolling with this and we’ll see what happens. As soon as it seems like it’s going to fail I’ll go onto the next thing, or maybe this one will do ok.
<br><br>

----

<br>
This is kinda a distraction for me from the ticker screen stuff, but the apple vision pro came out and there are not many apps available for it so I decided to buy it the other day. Apple has a 14 day return policy so my plan is to make a simple app over the weekend and then return it. I’m actually typing this up with the vision pro right now. I’m mirroring my mac screen onto it and typing with the mac keyboard. I have lots and lots of opinions about this. There’s a lot of chatter online about it but there really is a lot to say about it. If you have the money I think it’s a great idea to go to the apple store and buy it and try it out for a week or so then return it. The more I use it the more I learn about it and the more amazing it seems. It feels like it’s from the future, like this thing should not be able to exist right now but it does. Since I’m quitting the job I’ll probably start writing things in my [monthly blog](https://evnv.blog) so maybe I’ll write a whole thing about it there because I have a lot of thoughts.
<br><br>

----

<br>
The Dope Boyz are going to AC next weekend so I better win a lot of money since I don’t have no job no more.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I’m moving my self-hosted websites back to the cloud. My raspberry pi keeps crashing and it takes forever to load anything. It was worth a try.