## February 26, 2023
<br>
**News**
<br>
I was trying to replace a part on my big green egg. I needed to realign the top dome with the bottom half of the egg. So I unscrewed the hinge from the dome, lifted the dome, and….. the dome fell on the ground and shattered. Life is a comedy.
<br><br>
The weather is beautiful. I say it every day to Ilana because I’m so happy it is nice outside. I hate winter and I love summer. I took my bike out for the first time in half a year.
<br><br>
I have been reading and meditating every day. To former to stay sharp and the latter to help with stress. I’m very happy to say that I think it’s working on both accounts.
<br><br>
**Sports**
<br>
The Hawks fired Nate McMillan. I’m happy about this. But only because the internet tells me that the Hawks are a good team that had a bad coach. Maybe I could have figured this out myself, without random people on the internet telling me this, if I could watch any Hawks games. However, Bally sports makes it so only the 1% of Atlanta can watch the Hawks. Apparently they are going bankrupt. I very much hope this happens. And I hope whoever is in charge of Bally Sports gets into enough financial trouble to begin to regret not letting me watch Hawks games.
<br><br>
Baseball is starting. I’m so glad I love baseball now. The Braves are an actual amazing team out of Atlanta. And the battery is great. Atlanta is the best city in the world.
<br><br>
**Politics**
<br>
I always thought the Dope Boyz would be what gets me cancelled, but it may more likely be the politics section of the newsletter. I think I may vote Red this year. I like Joe Biden a lot but he is gonna be so old. I don’t know anything about Nikki Haley or that rich Indian guy on twitter who is supposedly running for President. But Nikki Haley has a name that I vaguely recognize and she seems somewhat sane. The rich Indian guy seems off-his-rocker nuts but for obvious reasons the option is compelling.
<br><br>
**Business**
<br>
Typically whenever almost anything happens at work I feel a pang of anxiety. This week I have decided that I will tolerate zero anxiety with respect to my job. So whenever something happens at work, I take extra time to calm myself down and remind myself that none of it is worth stressing over, so I chill out and stop stressing. The week was fantastic, and I actually got more done than I usually do. A lot of times I get overwhelmed by stress and I don’t even try to start doing work it overwhelms me so much. But without the stress, I am able to get a lot more done. Things are moving in the right direction.