## March 27, 2024
<br>
I’ve been doing a lot of coding. There is a lot of tech involved in this ticker screen and it makes me uniquely suited to this because building the tech myself gives me an advantage in execution speed and cost. There is a lot of coding to do and while this is the “easy” part since fundamently it is nothing new to me it still takes lots of time. Before I ship this out Millan is going to get access to everything and learn everything I’ve set up so that if something were to happen to me the business can still run. That’s something I didn’t consider before starting this but now that I have paying customers the business has to be fault tolerant.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I want to get this year’s baseball video game but now that I’m poor I can’t just buy things as soon as I want them anymore. Oh well. Those video games don’t change year to year it’s a huge scam but what can I do I want to play with this year’s players.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I’ve changed up my workouts in the morning a bit so that I don’t rest as much. So I’ll warm up with jump rope then do the bike for a few minutes then do a lifting set then then repeat. It’s much harder but it gets me some quick cardio. I love running but it takes a long time.
<br><br>

----

<br>
My dad ordered a Tesla so that will be fun to ride in. It’s coming in on Saturday. He got the Model Y. I personally don’t think they needed a new car but they are old and have the money and he wanted it so he got it, no problem there. Personally I think if I could comfortably afford the Model S Plaid then I would get that but otherwise I will always stick with a cheap gas car. The Model 3 is cheapish but not nearly as cheap as a used gas car.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I have the fantasy basketball championship locked down. Jake said he thought he had a chance to take it from me but focusing on rebounds and blocks, so I switched my lineup to get more rebounds and blocks. Poor tactical error revealing your strategy Jake. Now I have to decide who I want to bet on to win the finals because of our complicated winners prize.
<br><br>

----

<br>
Everybody who lives in New York City or various other place needs to get the hell out of there and move to Atlanta near me because lots of things are happening. There is a company called [culdesac](https://culdesac.com) which builds walkable neighborhoods. Ilana and I briefly looked into moving to their first location in Phoenix. Anyways, they are building their second location in Atlanta on the beltline 2 miles away from my house. The city is also building a Marta station for that neighborhood. On top of that, a developer is building out a [huge chunk of land](https://centennialyards.com/present/) around the Mercedes-Benz stadium with the goal of making it a hip spot like Midtown is. My house is 1 mile away from the Benz. So come on down while the prices are reasonable because it seems like they will not be for too long.