## June 9, 2024
<br>
I just recorded myself rambling for 30 minutes about all of the things I think I need to do in the next month to get ready for keeping rolling inventory. I fed that recording into a transcription service to turn it into text. I fed that text into Chat GPT and asked it to generate a bullet point list of all of the action items I identified. I copy/pasted that list into my notes app and now I can work on prioritizing them. This whole process worked surprisingly well. It was one of those times when I used AI and I really felt like it is magical. I may do this a lot in the future.
<br><br>

----

<br>
Everytime I get a ping from my Gmail app I get high anxiety just like I used to when I would get a ping on slack. I’m starting to think a lot about how to structure my life and work. I have the freedom to structure work however I choose as long as the work still makes money. So I have experimented with deleting the Gmail app from my phone but I decided it’s too important to respond quickly to customers, so I’m going to hold off on that until I can hire someone to handle customer support for me. On a second thought I don’t actually have much freedom to design my life right now because I’m doing everything for the business. Once I can hire people and free up more time for myself then I can.
<br><br>

----

<br>
Sorry about all of the business talk but it’s the only thing I’ve been doing lately besides fantasy baseball. I’m still obsessively checking it all the time. I wish I could stop myself but I don’t know exactly why but I can’t. Our league is very competitive so I am enjoying it very much but I do spend way too much time on it.
<br><br>

----

<br>
Building the ticker screens is so boring so I have to listen to stuff while I do it. So I’ve been listening to podcasts a bunch. And I had to branch out from Joe Rogan because I can only take so much of that. Apparently everyone who has a podcast lives in Austin, Texas and they talk a lot about mental health and exercising and cold plunge and saunas, like a bunch of mini Joe Rogans. Or maybe this is just the ones I have been seeking out.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I started running again. Starting with just 2 miles on the beltline. Living on the beltline is great but the section we live on it kinda short, like 3 miles long. So when I want to go long I’ll just have to run the same path twice. In 2026 they are supposed to have the whole thing done so I will be able to run down it for as long as I want. I’m signing up for the peachtree road race and Ilana might do it too.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I just signed up for ChatGPT plus because now that I have cataloged all of these things I need to do I think AI can help with a lot of them, since a lot is just busy work that takes a lot of time but is not too complex. I already had a subscription to GitHub Copilot which I used when I was doing a lot of the coding for the product, and it worked well to help me navigate the codebase I was building on top of much quicker than I would have been able to otherwise. It gets a lot wrong though, and it doesn’t seem to be keeping up with the new models from OpenAI. That’s the problem with the AI wrappers is that every time OpenAI comes out with a new model those wrapper take a long time to start using that new model. So I’m thinking the best thing is just to use ChatGPT where I can. It’s nice that copilot has access to my codebase so it has more context to help me, but I think in most cases I don’t need that.
<br><br>

----

<br>
There is a website that reaches out to people who own internet domain names and lets you negotiate a price to buy the domain for them. So I have used that to try to get tickerscreen.com and evan.blog.
<br><br>

----

<br>
Lady the dog is very sad I have to work all the time but she is on a walk with Ilana right now. She is getting better at walking because Ilana takes her a lot but she still goes nuts when she sees another dog. After keeping Cookie the dog for a week we appreciate much more how good of a dog Lady is.