## November 27, 2023
<br>
I had an idea a while ago to start sending voice messages instead of text messages. I think voice messages are a good middleground between Snapchat, text messages, and phone calls. Here are the qualities of each:
<br><br>
* **History**
* _Snapchat -_
* _Text + +_
* _Phone - -_
* _Voice message +_

* **Fidelity**
* _Snapchat +_
* _Text - -_
* _Phone + +_
* _Voice Message +_

* **Asynchronous**
* _Snapchat -_
* _Text + +_
* _Phone - -_
* _Voice Message +_
<br>
As you can see, each form of communication has drawbacks except voice message. Voice messages can also be interspersed with text messages to reap the benefits of text messages’ searchable history.
<br><br>

----

<br>
Ilana’s brother took great care of the dog this week while Ilana and I went to the beach for Thanksgiving with my family. I hope everyone had a happy Thanksgiving with plenty to eat.
<br><br>

----

<br>
_AG1 has been a game changer for me! It's an all in one daily drink with 75 vitamins, minerals, and whole food-sourced ingredients with prebiotics and probiotics to enhance nutrient absorption. I think of it as nutritional insurance. Enjoy a year's supply of Vitamin D3+K2 and 5 free AG1 Travel Packs when you subscribe with my [referral link]([https://fbuy.io/ag/dpyh69fx%20] "referral link") :)_
<br><br>

----

<br>
There is an AirBnB house on my street. Apparently while we were gone someone booked it an threw a house party and a 15 year old kid was shot in the leg. Ilana’s brother was staying at the house and he said the whole street was roped off as a crime scene. He was coming back from dinner and had to park the car on another street and walk to the house where a policeman told him to leave but he said “I live here” and the policeman still gave him a hard time. What a bunch of jerks. It’s a good thing that sentiment towards police has shifted more negative over the past few years.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I am getting some more work done on the house. Here’s the list
1. Fix garage door (it doesn’t open)
2. Install replacement post in crawl space for foundation (it is shoddy and the floor is quite uneven in one part of the house)
3. Pour concrete to level garage floor (it is very uneven and I want a level floor for my gym)
4. Install sauna in the garage (still deciding on whether I will do this)
<br><br>

----

<br>
Progress on my ticker screen has been quite slow recently. I recently ordered 12 led matrices that I plan on tying together to make a huge ticker screen. But the power requirements are somewhat high for this many screens so bought a custom power supply which supports a 5 volts 40 amp current. But I don’t know how to use it or how to wire everything up and apparently working with power current coming from a 120v socket is pretty dangerous so I have to be really careful.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I am reading the book _Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind_ by Yuval Noah Harai ([link](https://www.ynharari.com/book/sapiens-2/ "link") for more info). The book is really great and much easier of a read than I would have expected. Throughout the book Harari tries to show that the most important differentiator between humans and other animals is humans’ ability to believe fiction. He says that humans are able to organize in much larger groups than any other animal because we organize around beliefs in collective fictions. In America we believe in _life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness_, none of which have any scientific/biological basis. Past empires and communities have believed in religion and used that to organize together. He calls Communism and Capitalism ideologies which organize people and develop from the fiction of money. The more reading on world history I do the more I feel that I should be increasing my Bitcoin holdings.
<br><br>

----

<br>
I think the Hawks season depends on two of Jalen Johnson, Dejounte, and Trae being great and other being at least decent. So far in the season two at a time have been great but another has not been decent.